1. What is bytecode and why is it important to Java’s use for Internet programming?
(Ans) Bytecode is a highly optimized set of instructions designed to be executed by the Java run-time system,
which is called the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) . In essence, the original JVM was designed
as an interpreter for bytecode.Translating a Java program into bytecode makes it much easier to run a program in
a wide variety of environments because only the JVM needs to be implemented for each
platform.
2. What are the three main principles of object-oriented programming?
(Ans) 1 : Abstraction
      2 : Encapsulation
      3 : Polymorphism
      4 : inheritence
3. Where do Java programs begin execution?
(Ans) java begin the execution using main method.
4. What is a variable?
(Ans) variable is a container to store the data. or A variable is a named memory location that can be assigned a value.
5. Which of the following variable names is invalid?
A. count (valid)
B. $count (valid)
C. count27 (valid)
D. 67count
6. How do you create a single-line comment? How do you create a multiline comment?
(Ans) // this is single line comment
/**
    this is multiline comment.
*/
7. Show the general form of the if statement. Show the general form of the for loop.
(Ans) if (condition)  message if condition is true; 
    for (initilize; testingcondition; increment or decrement) message how many time you want to repete
8. How do you create a block of code?
    if (condition) {block of code}
9. The moon’s gravity is about 17 percent that of earth’s. Write a program that computes your
effective weight on the moon.
10. Adapt Try This 1-2 so that it prints a conversion table of inches to meters. Display 12 feet
of conversions, inch by inch. Output a blank line every 12 inches. (One meter equals
approximately 39.37 inches.)
11. If you make a typing mistake when entering your program, what sort of error will result?
(Ans) syntax error or if you enter something
incorrectly into your program, the compiler will report a syntax error message when it tries to
compile it. 
12. Does it matter where on a line you put a statement?
(ans) : Java is a free-form language, meaning that it does not matter where you place statements relative
to each other on a line.
